+++
title = "Presents"
date = 2002-01-21
draft = true
+++

+++
title = "01"
date = 2002
+++

had a dream that it was christmas morning. I woke up and went downstairs and found a lot of christmas present under the tree. Big ones, small ones. For some reason, my parents didn't feel like coming to watch me open them. And neither did my sister. In fact, it didn't seem like chirstmas mattered much to them. I called up my friends to see if they could come over and open them with me, becuase hey, no one wants to open christmas present alone.

The heat was turned down for some reason in the house. and I was freezing cold, so I built a fire. I didn't notice a red cap in the fireplace, or a white hair from a long unshaven beard. and even if they existed, which they didn't, I had burned them to ashes with the fire I had made. It hadn't snowed the night before, and even if it had, I closed the blinds all over my house to block out the sunlight. Just turned on the lamp and gazed hungrily at my presents. Bows and ribbons were wrapped around each one, and they were all wrapped so delicately. The wrapping job wasn't perfect, it was just delicate. In fact, some of the presents were very badly wrapped. I didn't seem to mind.

I started to think back to what i asked for for christmas. Oh yes. But none of the presents were of that shape or size. I made myself breakfast. Usually my mom makes pancakes on Christmas. But that's after opening presents. Ooo, speaking of which I had forgotten to lay out my parents presents. Didn't really matter since they weren't gonna wake up soon anyway. But I dropped em off anyway. For my mom, I had written a poem and for my dad I had bought a scarf. I had lost his other so I figured I owed him. I put the scarf in a blue bag with a white tag that read "For Dad, Love Z." my mom's poem went in an envelope that simply said "For Mom".

It was almost 11. Christmas morning was almost over. I knew that if one hour went by the presents would vanish forever. So without waiting any longer, I pulled the card of the first present. I ripped it open.

"I hope this is beneficial to you. I also hope that you find some sorta joy out of this. Just go with it, man. Stop burying yourself underneath the things you know and start fuckin' around with the things you didn't know existed. And don't let anyone tell you that you can't. Cuz you can, brother. I believe in you. Just go with it. And please, don't waste your chance. I'm begging you. I love you so much."

And I ripped open the packaging.

I didn't get it. A football? I don't play football.

Well. Mom says the only place to play football is outside. And most imporantly, I have to remember to take off my shoes before I come back inside.

I put my feet onto the front step of the walkway leading to the door my house, clutching the football to my heart, almost like a child snuggling with his teddy bear. But this was a new feeling. A feeling that I couldn't explain. Like I held everything in the world, every single thing I'd ever seen and taken in was in the oxygen that I was breathing. The cold winter air reaked of days gone and past, days where I watchd it rain, or simply remembered becuase of trivial things, stupid things. The only thought I could remember from when I was 3, simply triggered by a thought, a word, or a smell.

And then suddenly it was gone.

The farthest I had ever thrown a football was a few feet in front of me.

I threw the the thing over all the houses, all the fences, everyone that had ever doubted me. They were sure to see the football fly over their heads. Maybe they would even stick out their hands to intercept.

Ha. Right. That mothafucker was way outta their reach.

Well that was all, I was done using my christmas present, so I walked back in through the garage, making sure to stomp the snow off of my boots and then removing them before I came back inside. I cleaned up the wrapping and threw it all away. And before I closed the trash can's lid, I noticed the tag.

The tag revealed who had given me the present. And it was weird, because I didn't think much of it.

And when I woke up the next morning, I still couldn't figure out what would inspire me to give myself a football for christmas.