+++
title = "Not Here Again"
date = 2002-04-11
+++

+++
title = "04"
date = 2002
+++

Spring break I was out enjoying life, and now that I'm back at school things with the show have really started to crack down and I've been at school till 7 everyday. Rehearsals are so much fun&#8230; I mean that honestly. This show is so great, not just cuz of the talent&#8230; I like my role, and I'm having fun with the role. People sure do have attitude problems though. Personally, I think Brodsky is a great director. The fact that he has a million years of experience is what I went by before the show started rehearsing. Now it's just his method. People mock him and make fun of him behind his back, but I really don't think he has done anything wrong to the cast. They call him rude and obnoxious, but they don't think that talking whenever he says not to is rude. I'm just talking about the way he treats the cast&#8230; Jon tells me he's a dick to the crew. I woudln't know about that. Maybe brodsky thinks he knows more than the crew since he used to be the tech director and that pisses them off. But what I do know is that he treats the cast extremely fairly. He does the job of a director really well&#8230; straight up you might not see it. You might think he gets annoyed too easily. What people really gotta do is open their eyes and look it at from all points of view. And THEN say it isn't fair. No one's opinion is wrong obviously&#8230; as long as they've truly checked around the car before getting in and backing up into the fire hydrant. The problem is&#8230; everyone thinks they know better. Everyone thinks that they are working harder than everyone else. This might be true individually. Generally though&#8230; I doubt it. You can argue as much as you want, call me an asshole 5 times&#8230; in different ways we're all exerting the same amount of energy doing our jobs. And the reason we can't say this is wrong &#8211; we haven't been in each other's shoes. Everyone's got problems and we just need to help each other. We shoudln't put on authoritive tones no matter who we are necesarily. Now there's a line of course. People will go a little too far sometimes&#8230; that's where force is necesary in my opinion.

(I'm drawing this from the convo I just had with christine.)Take the crew for example. Yelling at everyone and stuff. And yet we have to respect them. And people have a misconception. They think it's because the crew people think they are better than us, or are more important. I personally think it's not a matter of importance or knowledge. It's like this. As an actor, I have a limited view of the way the show is looking. Being on stage left, I can't see what is hurting the show on stage right. Being in a dressing room, I can't see what's hurting the show on stage. I can't see what's hurting the show even by being on stage, or doing something that I think is right. By talking to someone backstage, I can't see that it's hurting the show becuase my voice is being heard onstage. Crew, however, has an overall view of what is benevolent to the show and what isn't. So when jon says to stop talking, or to move, it's because he's trying to prevent the show from being bad&#8230; and THAT'S why we respect the crew.

In general though, people just need to respect people more. Not to jump to conlclusions and stuff. The show's going to be great no matter what, I can guarantee it. I can also guarantee no one will remember the show the next day (the audience that is). I'm not saying that's the thought we should be thinkin when we're rehersing, but it's something to keep in mind for when we get TOO stressed. The object is to have fun, while respecting everybody. It just happens everytime a show is going on&#8230; people lose all sense of what is real and what is in their head, and they start to hallucinate. And yell. Yelling is so unhealthy, and it makes everyone want to avoid you. Luckily brodsky doesn't yell unless it's for a good reason, and so far he's had a good reason every time he has yelled.

Junior banquet is going to be great tommorow. It'll be a hell of a lot of fun, and I've seen Christine dressed up before, and she always looks so gorgeous&#8230; so tommorow should be enjoyable.

I'm not going to do my chapter package. I'm turning it in late. I just can't handle it right now. I'm remembering why I wrote I Can't Breathe now&#8230; during tech week for man who came to dinner. It's just like this. Ugh. My chem teacher understands the stress I'm under. Not to say that she's going to excuse me from doing my chapter package&#8230; I've had a while to do it.

So right now I'm stressed. I'm also sad for other reasons. Just cuz I can't figure shit out. What is real and all. I'm sick of it all. I'm just not goign to do anything for a while about my lovelife. Everytime I do I get really happy, and end up really sad again, crying in my mom's arms. hah. well that sounded melodramatic. but this is a journal, I can write whatever the fuck I want. Pity me or not, your still reading it? I'm going by my motto&#8230; close the fucking broswer.

If love was a court, and Shannon White was my lawyer I think I'd win every case there was. If your trying to figure that metaphor out&#8230; it's not what you think it means. Take a closer look&#8230;

Well I'm at the end of my entry now. I hate giving shoutouts but this is just necesary and I dont' care if the whole world sees it. This is the part where I say, thanks christine. and thanks to the guys for the male-ness. It was/is much needed. This weekend better go by slowly. Good night everyone&#8230; you know damn well where your going.

Z