---
title: shitty.
author: ziahassan
type: post
date: 2002-02-27T16:49:04+00:00
draft: true
private: true
url: /shitty/
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
everything is just so shitty.

what can ya do when everything is just soooo shitty. put on some good music. what've we got. some pat metheny would be alright right now.

alright well i've made a very important decision about my music. The recoridngs i've made in the past 3 years are my starting ground. they are the dirt, the ideas. As soon as my mic returns, I'm off to record something new. Something amazing. Something that's been inside of me for a while that I haven't been able to let out. I just don't get why everything I record sounds so shitty. I got mad pitch problems. God freakin dammit. I hate it. I'm just hoping that something clicks when I record now and I somehow dont' make the same errors. That's what I always say though. And still, the same old shit. how does everyone else get it to sound so good, and I can't make mine sound good at all. yup, so i'm starting over completely. takin to to a new level. or something. I dunno exactly what but i promise it's going to be a venture. I guess that's what every artist wants?

I'm so tired. I feel so shitty. For the first time ever, I cried in school today. Besides of coures that whole ms mattey incident. And no this isn't some attention grabber. I could make this private. But I'm not. Cuz you always complain about there being no new entries 🙂

I cried cuz, there are scales for everything. Scales for girls, school, the show, music, my self esteem. And they are all either empty or very low right now and it's such a depressing feeling. I wake up in the morning, and go to find that all of the water has been used up by my greedy sister. She takes a 15 min shower and I take a 3 min one because otherwise I'll freeze.

I just don't know what to do. All this stuff I recorded sounds like such shit. SUCH SHIT. I can't get over it. I'm more than this&#8230; I swear.

Fuck it, no one cares. to a private entry we go&#8230;