---
title: awake.
author: ziahassan
type: post
date: 2003-01-24T00:32:19+00:00
draft: true
private: true
url: /awake/
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
<p class="entrytext">
  Hooray for being awake! For once it's not the middle of the night/morning and I can actually write a journal entry without falling asleep and giving up.
</p>

Let's see, so what's been happening? On Friday night a bunch of people went out to celebrate Susie's birthday&#8230; Christine invited me, and I figured, why not? I made Susie a CD of the best songs ever, so if she was mad that I showed up for some reason, that shoulda made up for it!

I had already eaten dinner at Moby Dick with my parents and didn't feel like spending more money. So I just kinda sat there, talked a lot to Tony and Jon. It was freezing cold, and then we ended up going to Mike's house. I didn't want to start playing guitar, but I did anyway. And for some reason I felt really dizzy, and that lasted till the next morning, but it's gone now. Although I was really scared. It wasn't like any dizzy I had ever felt before. It was a lotta fun, and Christine got jealous of the fact that Tony called before he called her (even though he did call her first). I thought that was pretty funny since she's always telling me about how I shouldn't be jealous of her.

Then tonight she went to see Chicago with Jenny and then I told her that was my surprise and ruined it. But it sold out, they saw something else and now I have no surprise anymore 🙁

I didn't wanna see it anyway. I only wanted to go to surprise her. Plus, I didn't know that she's coming at 5 today, since she said "Sunday's our day." And didn't say anything else. Sometimes I just wish she'd appreciate me more. I do a hell of a lot for her, and she just kinda pretends like I'm not that important. And whenever I ask her about it, she'll be like "you are important." But I don't always believe her. I think she's getting sick of me. Maybe college will be a good thing. Although I'm really going to miss being with her. A lot. And I really don't wanna write about this cuz it gets me really sad.

Yesterday I went out with a few people for coffee. Nick, Martita, Andy, and Jess. It was fun, I hadn't seen Nick in a while and Martita was being her usual self. I didn't mind her though. I had a huge stomach ache from the coffee for some reason. AND I got the paid Trillian. It's SOOO much better. Well, that's all for now.

<p class="systemmessage">
  <a href="http://ziahassan.livejournal.com/2003/01/23/"><br /> </a><a href="http://ziahassan.livejournal.com/2003/01/25/"></a>
</p>