---
title: workert.
author: ziahassan
type: post
date: 2006-05-17T19:54:36+00:00
excerpt: "What happened to the joy of summer? So far, the transition has left me feeling a bit underwhelmed."
draft: true
private: true
url: /workert/
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
It's awfully weird being here without a broken arm/dysfunctional hand. Also, not having PJ or Chris here is uncomfortable &#8211; there is no one to eat lunch with, not to mention that I forgot the code to the lunchroom. Additionally, last year when I was bored, I just surfed the internet looking for information about [radial nerve palsy.][1]

What this means is that I'll be able to write some updates everyday. It's a good thing that I'm not on livejournal. It began to weird me out that everytime I felt like posting it would appear on a bunch of different friend pages.

Today at work: PJ called and impersonated a weichert exec, something he's particularly good at. I got the day off Friday which means less money and more time for vacation.

Plans for tonight: Go to the library and get some more books with mass amounts of code in them so I can be really knowledgeable about SQL and programming databases. Maybe Andy will come over at some point. And maybe I will nap.

Plans for tommorow night: Jammin' Java with Laura Marc to see Laura Veirs. I promised to buy her a drink &#8211; is this 21 thing getting old? No, I'm just getting old.

What happened to the joy of summer? So far, the transition has left me feeling a bit underwhelmed. I counted and I have exactly 9 weeks here. Divided in half, that's 4.5, which means a nice end of summer paycheck. I wonder if AU will give me a paycheck for July.

I need to stop being bored and start being amazed.

 [1]: http://health.allrefer.com/health/radial-nerve-dysfunction-info.html