---
title: Pastries
author: ziahassan
type: post
date: 2019-02-07T15:46:26+00:00
url: /pastries/
medium_post:
  - 'O:11:"Medium_Post":11:{s:16:"author_image_url";N;s:10:"author_url";N;s:11:"byline_name";N;s:12:"byline_email";N;s:10:"cross_link";N;s:2:"id";N;s:21:"follower_notification";N;s:7:"license";N;s:14:"publication_id";N;s:6:"status";N;s:3:"url";N;}'
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
There&#8217;s something so perfectly painful about pastries. 

I used to eat a pastry almost every day when I used to work in downtown DC. The truth is that the eating was a distraction from what I found to be an utterly boring desk job. If it wasn&#8217;t a pastry, it would be something else relatively unhealthy, like a can of Monster, or perhaps a sausage that spent most of its morning bathing in the juices of a cantaloupe in the office food court. 

It was embarrassing to run into anyone down there, if I&#8217;m being honest. Even though I knew that they were getting the same pieces of cardboard bacon and watered down maple syrup in order to cope with their far-too-routinized lives, it was still a source of shame.

One day, I wanted to try something new, so I stopped by a nearby bakery on the way to work. I ordered what I thought would be a quick breakfast pastry; a small piece of key lime pie. After ordering it, the cashier took the key lime pie out of the shelf, put it into a little aluminum container with a plastic lid, tied a ribbon around that container, and put the whole work of art into a pretty heavy duty bag. 

I walked into my cubicle that day with my laptop bag and a giant bag that had a bakery logo on it. My co-workers had to watch in their peripheral vision as I unwrapped every piece of the pastry puzzle. They watched as I struggled to remove the plastic top of the container. They watched as I took my first bite, as the little bits of powdered sugar covered my fingers. They watched as I tried to eat cleanly and neatly, and how I ended up with cream all over my face.

They watched me eat a pastry in the most dignified way that I could, but I don&#8217;t think they would have described the act as dignified.

This, by the way, is what happens _every time_ I eat a pastry. There&#8217;s no dignity in pastry-eating, none. But it does kill the pain of living, just a little bit.

Pastries. Painfully perfect.