---
title: My Roshi
author: ziahassan
type: post
date: 2021-12-27T19:56:00+00:00
url: /my-roshi/
medium_post:
  - 'O:11:"Medium_Post":11:{s:16:"author_image_url";s:69:"https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/400/400/0*XDk2SbEWgLMl02vi.jpeg";s:10:"author_url";s:27:"https://medium.com/@ziasami";s:11:"byline_name";N;s:12:"byline_email";N;s:10:"cross_link";s:3:"yes";s:2:"id";s:12:"3bb4fcda8ac2";s:21:"follower_notification";s:3:"yes";s:7:"license";s:19:"all-rights-reserved";s:14:"publication_id";s:2:"-1";s:6:"status";s:6:"public";s:3:"url";s:49:"https://medium.com/@ziasami/my-roshi-3bb4fcda8ac2";}'
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
Well, here we are: we have a new child in the middle of a turbulent global moment.

Please welcome my second son, Roshi Cadence Hassan. His middle name, Cadence, has meaning in the musical sense: it usually refers to a sequence of chords that end a musical phrase. But it could also refer to a rhythmic flow (many of my colleagues refer to weekly meetings as a &#8220;cadence.&#8221;)

And as for Roshi: When a Zen practitioner gets trained, they acquire a teacher, affectionately known as Roshi. 

A Roshi uses existential riddles, known as Koans, to bring a zen practitioner to a deeper level of understanding about the nature of reality. These riddles aren&#8217;t the kind of logic puzzles you find in activity books; instead, a Zen student must simultaneously hold and let go of their attachment to the problem to come to the solution of the koan. As a result, logic won&#8217;t get you anywhere. 

A Roshi once asked me: &#8220;What is the one true and pure thing?&#8221;

&#8220;Uhh&#8230; the universe?&#8221; I replied.

&#8220;And what&#8217;s the universe?&#8221; he said.

&#8220;I guess I&#8230; don&#8217;t know.&#8221;

&#8220;Who is this &#8216;I&#8217; that you speak of?&#8221;

&#8220;Uhhh&#8230; don&#8217;t&#8230;. know?&#8221;

&#8220;Don&#8217;t know! Nice! Good place to start grappling with this koan!&#8221;

I spent the next year thinking about it every so often, holding it in my mind like you&#8217;d hold sand in your hand, with a soft, delicate grip, not squeezing too hard but not being too careless either. 

A Roshi asks questions that break you down almost to the point of frustration sometimes. Kind of like a young child who asks &#8220;why&#8221; repeatedly. It was a year and a half after I met with this Roshi that Dezi broke my mind wide open in a way that only a three-year-old can.

&#8220;Dada, why does the fridge make that beeping sound?&#8221;

&#8220;Because it&#8217;s letting me know I left the door open.&#8221;

&#8220;Why did you leave the door open?&#8221;

&#8220;Because I was distracted.&#8221;

&#8220;Why were you distracted?&#8221;

&#8220;Because there&#8217;s a lot going on at the moment.&#8221;

&#8220;What is going on at the moment?&#8221;

Wait. Whoah.

What IS going on at the moment? Amidst the anxiety, the endless fear, the uncertainty&#8230; there is beauty. There is hope. Whatever you need, there it is, right in front of you.

Right there, my attention returns to what&#8217;s essential: the right-nowness of the present moment. 

What&#8217;s going on at the moment?

That&#8217;s my koan. My child has become my Roshi. 

And, in an instant, I now know the one true and pure thing.